---
word-goal: 50000
daily-word-goal: 500
---
“Clouds have such interesting shapes today. Look, a guitar.” Claude looked fascinated at the sky through an office window. “A dove, and even an angel!”

“Claude, concentrate on the task. I don’t want to spend the whole day on that,” said Jack. His black suit was always ironed. Casual style was the appropriate dress code in the office, but he just liked being formal and elegant.

 “Chill, not much left to do anyway.
 
There were plenty of people in the vast office. Most of them were clicking their keyboards like madmen.

Claude was showing the latest UI changes in the application to Jack. He became bossy and unbearable after a promotion to project lead.
The always cheerful, smiling guy became like one of those that Claude couldn't stand. A casual conversation between them wasn’t possible anymore, as the topic of work always came up. His previously good friend was one of the cogs in the machine. Exactly the kind of people at whom they’d laughed while drinking beer in a pub.

“Not much to do? I see the opposite. What is wrong with this button? And these”—he pointed to confirmation buttons—“should be switched places.”

“But this was created by our UX, Jenna.”

“I don't care. I want to have it my way. I know what the user wants.”

“She said she already had it approved from Robert.”

Jack’s attitude shifted. “Oh, okay. Robert knows what the user wants better than me. Let's leave it like this. Finish the task by the end of the day.”

He walked away from Claude's box, leaving him in front of a computer.

“He is such an ass. I mean, in the past he was as well, but after becoming manager, his ass-meter flew out of sight,” said Beard from the desk next to Claude. His nickname came from his long, furry beard.

“Yeah, he was such a cool guy.”

“Coffee?” ask Beard.

“Sure, I'll just finish something and let's go.”

“Just let me know.”

Beard hadn't been his close colleague, but it was nice to have someone to talk to. He always wondered how anyone with such a beard could eat. Claude had a smooth beard, shaved every morning.

“I’m telling you. That component looks really off,” said Beard when the steam rose from the kettle. For some reason, the particles lasted longer than they should have. Claude didn’t give it a second thought as coffee spilled on his shirt.

“Shit.”

“You see! You could have just drink a tea like me.”

Beard was one of the few people in the office who drank tea instead of coffee. Claude couldn't understand how someone wouldn't like coffee.

They chatted a bit, failing to see steam gathering on the ceiling.

***

He sat in front of the computer, fixing an UI component, when HR asked him to come over.

“Now? I'm in the middle of something. Can I come later?”

“No. Come now, please,” said Emily, the HR officer responsible for Claude’s employment. She had an emotionless look on her face. 

“Small town” was a mocking name for the room in their office. It had a capacity of two people, and any meeting exceeding that number was unbearable.

He sat at the table where Emily prepared a pile of papers. Her attitude in general was really likable, so the grin didn't come off his face.

They looked at each other in the dragging, awkward silence. Claude decided to break it.

“Is everything alright?” 

“Not really. I need to tell you some bad news.”

“Bad news? What could it be that you are so gloomy? Are you fired, and want to tell me goodbye?” Claude laughed, but when Emily didn’t laugh back, he started to worry.

“It's not about me. It's about you.”
 
Bad feeling overwhelmed Claude. He couldn't recall anything he did wrong. It could have been something good, but Emily's behavior suggested otherwise.

“Jack said that you don't have enough results.”

He was dumbfounded. Jack acted differently after becoming manager, but he didn't complain about Claude's work even once. 

“But I spoke with Jack a few moments ago. He didn't look disappointed with how I'm doing.”

“I'm sorry that you’re hearing this from me, but please, don't kill the messenger,” she said and handed a document in front of him. 

It was a standard resignation, signed at the bottom by Jack. There was only one empty space left for Claude's signature.

“Can we talk about it? Maybe I can improve somehow, so I can stay?”

“No. This is something already decided, and it's only a formality we're doing right now.”

She handed over the employee severance agreement to him, with a sorry look on her face. 

“Claude, I'm sorry. I really have hands tied.”

“Sure, that's not your fault. Like you said, you're only the messenger.” 

Without any further conversation, he signed the documents and left Emily alone in the room.

 It wasn't sadness, just a disappointment that Jack didn't treat him as a colleague anymore. He didn't expect special treatment, only a fair conversation about what was wrong.

He was packing his things from the desk when Jack approached.

“Is everything okay, Claude?”

After that question, he threw things inside his box more furiously and didn't say a thing.

“Claude?”

“And how do you think I feel? Are you stupid or something?”

“Don't talk to me like that.”

“I will. You're not my manager anymore. Anyway… why you even care?”

“I care, Claude.”

“You know… Just don't talk to me. You could at least give me a sign that you aren't pleased with my work. I would improve.”

“Claude. Listen to me... They made me...”

But Claude didn't listen anymore. He gripped a bag with all his belongings firmly and squeezed between Jack, walking away to an exit.

