---
word-goal: 1500
---
His bed was uncomfortable today. The pillow wasn't soft enough and the sheet warm enough. Putting aside those comfort issues, his thoughts were swirling in his mind like a tornado. He thought that he had a fantastic job and a few friends in it as well. He had nothing, as it turned out. The only one reaching him on a communicator was Beard. 

“Oh man, I tell you, this company is going in the wrong direction,” said Beard. Claude could hear anxiety in his voice. Maybe he was afraid that this would happen to him as well. “Who knows what will happen now.”

“Common Beard. Why would they fire you? It makes no sense.” He was almost sure that his dismissal from work was a personal grudge between him and Jack. The only problem was that he didn't know what it was. Jack wanted to say something, but Claude had been so angry that he didn't hear him out. 

He looked through the window and saw clouds swirling in the air. The rain was the last thing he wanted that day, as he had been hoping all morning to go for a long walk.

A few more soothing words were enough to calm Beard's stressed mind. Claude hung up his mobile phone and found multiple calls from Jack. He wanted to call him, but after a moment he decided not to, as he was still angry at him and didn't want to ruin himself a day. 

Claude took his coffee, placing it on the parapet of a window. His apartment was located near a high-traffic street, so a massive amount of cars passed through every day. What most people would have found to be tiresome was totally opposite for Claude, as he loved to observe everything around him. Cars of different sizes, colors, and with different people inside, each telling a different story.

One detail drew Claude's attention. Every car's exhaust fumes were rising high up to the clouds, making them bigger. It wouldn't have been surprising, except that these weren't dissolving in the air. It looked like thousands of threads connecting the road and the clouds. All the people stood on the pavement, watching it in amazement written on their faces. 

His mouth was wide open. Even as a dreamer, such things could happen only in the movies. The fumes were raising at the moment without any flames or different paranormal activities. The curiosity made him check it, so he took a wallet and walked to the door. It was locked. Claude was about to unlock it, when he heard the news coming from the living room. 

“…not touch it…dissolve into smoke and disappear...”

Smoke? He decided to hold on for a moment, as what he saw outside was smoke. He entered the room to see the TV news broadcast. They were talking about weird phenomena happening everywhere in the world. Every person who touched the smoke dissolved into tiny particles and flew up into the clouds.

“I repeat. Do not touch the swirling smoke. It appears everywhere around the globe, and the dissolved people are nowhere to be seen again. The army is investigating the situation, but has nothing to report yet. We will keep you informed. Please, stay in your homes if possible.”

A sudden fear took hold of him. He was about to go outside and do exactly that. Touch the smoke. He would have disappeared in an instant. His laptop was already running, so he searched the web, looking for all the connected news. Nothing more than information about touch-triggered disappearance.

A coffee was something that helped him gather his thoughts. The coffee machine he bought last year broke because of excessive scaling. As the coffee from the kettle was good enough, he hadn't gotten another one. The water was almost boiling when the swirling clouds exploded from the device. The exact moment it happened, Claude was reaching for something in the cupboard above the kettle. He took his hand instinctively, but it was a few seconds too late. 

At first, nothing happened. It could have been something different, only vapor. 

The change was sudden. He felt all of his body parts melting, starting with fingers. They dissolved into thick vapor which went up fast. The rest of hand followed. It happened so rapidly that Claude couldn't even react properly. He expected pain, but felt nothing. In a moment, a grown man became smoke. He retained all his memories, thoughts, and feelings unchanged.

The afterlife was much different from what he expected. Claude didn’t experience any of two general concepts , an afterlife or a total void. He felt something in between with nothing around him except his consciousness.

 The memories from his whole life, a short rollercoaster ride, ran before his eyes. A few things he could have done differently, but now it didn't matter anymore. 
 
He felt his mind fading, and just before a total blackout, Jake appeared, wounded and bad-looking.
