Claude wasn't sure how long that state of nothingness lasted. It could be a brief, barely registered moment, or a lifetime-long waiting period.

He realized that his body was starting to respond, including his limbs and eyes. Something smelled awful, and he instinctively started breathing through his nose. He expected his eyes to be heavy, but to his surprise, they were as light as usual.

A glance at his surroundings showed immediately where that stink was coming from. Everything was dirty. Someone swept the dust, but it didn't take the mud and dirt entirely.

“You woke up finally.” 

An unexpected voice. He raised his head carefully and saw a young boy, much younger than him. He wore a simple shirt and plain linen pants that Claude found rather strangely looking. 

“Where am I?” he asked in confused voice.

“You are in the city of Dal, and I'm Bir.” The boy handed him a flask of water which Claude gratefully took in a hope that maybe the stink would dissappear.

The boy continued. “You arrived from the other side during The Creator Initiation.”

“The Creator what?”

“Initiation. That's a process of dragging people from the other side. Inhabitants of this world prays to the Creator to worship him and get some rewards. One of the rewards are slaves, and i'm such a slave.”

“You, a slave? That means that you're from my world? Did you see the swirling smokes and disappearing people?”

“No, I'm not from your world. I'm after the initiation, but I was dragged from elsewhere.”

Claude felt his lips dry from nervousness, so he took a sip of water. He stood up without any issue, as if his time in the void was nothing but a mere dream. A window in his room was small but enough to see a part of Dal. The place located high in the city, so he could see more of it. The view was magnificent; taken straight from video games. 

He didn't know what to do, so he sat down on the bed and couldn't utter a word. 

“I know it's much too handle in one moment. You'll get used to it. I did.”

Claude was about to say something when a hard knocking interrupted him. 

“Time's up. Get back to work!” it shouted.

Bir straightened and quickly stood up. 

“The time is already up? Put on these clothes and let's go. I'll tell you the rest later.”

Wearing clothes similar to Bir’s, Claude followed him to the door. To his surprise two guards were waiting for them. They stepped aside to let them pass and ordered them to go ahead.

He must have looked bewildered as his new companion whispered, “We are servants of the tyrant's court. We don't have any rig—”

“Silence! More walking, less talking.” The guard interrupted him abruptly. 

Claude looked at Bir and saw a silent warning not to speak, so they walked wherever they were ordered. The view along the way was marvelous. Everything was much cleaner and less stinky than in his chambers. Pictures hanging on the walls depicted many generations of rich families. They passed many splendidly decorated doors, but a gate at the end of the corridor stood out above all the other entrances.

Two more guards stood in front of it, blocking a passage. Two set of knights spoke to each other on the side, so that Claude and Bir couldn't hear a word. The ones standing at the door stepped aside and let the group inside. 

Inside the room there was something that Claude didn't expect. A vast chamber with tables spread everywhere, and at least a hundred people feasting, eating, drinking, and singing. Bir tried speaking to him, but he didn't hear anything in the noise. 

With a wave of a hand, the guard pointed at a small door ordering them to go inside. None of the guests seem to notice newcomers. 

“Inside! Don't look too long on our guests. It's rude,” said one of the guards.

Bir and Claude were forced inside a small chamber where the scent of many spices mixed together annoyed nose. A lot of people were bustling around the kitchen accessories. A man with a black suit passed them by, leaving through the small door. 

“Finally, Bir! Where have you been.” A plump woman waved a big spoon in front of Bir's face. 

“I introduced the situation to this initiated fellow here.” Bir glanced at him, showing everyone where to look at. “Everyone, welcome—” he started, “—what was your name again?”

“I've never told you my name. I'm Claude.”

“Everyone, say hello to Claude.” 

All people in the room murmured something that Claude couldn't grasp entirely. He took it as some kind of a shy welcome. 

“Enough of this chit-chat. Get back to work! Bir,  you are serving today,” said the leading woman in a rasping voice, and with a much softer tone, she introduced herself, “Hello darling.  Call me Ri. Follow me.” 

Ri guided Claude to a small sink full of dirty dishes. “Everyone starts by doing dishes, and you'll be no exception darling.” She handed a piece of cloth they used for dish washing to Claude. 

The cheering noises were coming to their small chamber from time to time, and the sink was constantly full. He tried to work the fastest he could, but none of his tries had been good enough. 

One of the guards looked into the kitchen. He found Claude and with a finger pointing at him he ordered. “You. The dishwasher boy. Lord want you to entertain him.”

Ri got on the way of a finger. “Is that really lord who wants to see him? Or you just picked another victim?”

“It's not your business, Ri. Go cook as you should. The lord businesses leave to me.”

“You try to act like one, but you lack manners.”

The guard couldn't handle more mockery and with an open hand he hit the cook. She fell on the floor and covered her face with both hands.

“Don't go overboard cook. You, new guy, move!”

Nobody else uttered a word. It wasn't surprise to Claude, as he wouldn't stand up in such situation either. The guard led him into the spacious dining hall. Nobody glanced at him when he walked through the labirynths of tables and benches. 

They stopped before a podium where stood table much different than all the others in the chamber. There were golden stones set inside, shining like a Christmas tree with too much light on it.  A few people were sitting at that table, but only two of them catched an eye. 

“Present yourself young boy,” said the younger one with a crown even more luxurious than the table. 

“I'm Claude. I've gone through the creator's initiation.” He wanted to say about the job he was doing in his real world but decided not to reveal anything without any further questions.

The crowned whispered something to the old one. The perfect word for the old one was magnificent. His robes sparkled with chips in many different colors: red, blue, green, and many others that Claude couldn't even describe. 

“You are gifted then,” said the king's friend, “What can you do? Breath fire? Send firebolts? Precisely hit every target with an arrow?”

He was speechless for a longer moment. Magic wasn't real. At least it wasn't in his word. But recent events had shown opposite.

