---
longform:
  format: single
  title: Time flows slowly
  workflow: Default Workflow
---
“These are your keys. We also prepared some welcoming gift for you, sir. Please feel like home.” The last sentence was an obvious joke. Josh didn't need to feel like home; it was his home. He bought an apartment recently, and since he wasn't into finishing it alone, the decision was to get turn key finishing.
He said goodbye to developer workers, put the keys into the door, and pulled the handle. With no resistance, it was just felt like new. The smell coming from the flat was one of Josh’s favorites. Freshly placed floor smelt like a furniture store. He liked that as it reminded him about furniture shopping with his parents.
The gift on the table was one of the things that he wanted to buy anyway, so it was a great coincidence. A bottle of Moët and the cheese board were something Josh urgently needed. Formalities connected to apartment crediting stressed the hell out of him, so he decided in his heart not to do that ever again.
He was drinking another glass of champagne, eating piece of cheese when he saw it. A crack in the TV furniture ruined the rest of his day. 
“Shit, why there is always something.” muttered Josh. 
The crack wasn't big, but it was big enough to break the TV wall soon. He followed the crack with a finger and made a note about remembering to call the developer. Hopefully, they will fix this soon. 
The light flickered on the lamp above his head, but it didn't turn off. He added to note, ‘check electricity!’. He was a bit afraid that this may happen because of some voices saying that turn key finishing would always have something faults in it. Overall, it wasn't bad until you checked into the details.
He finished the bottle and went into the shower. His body needed a shower, and warm water was soothing and relaxing. Events of the day were running in his mind when suddenly the warm water stopped flowing, replaced by an icy one. He jumped off the shower just to notice that he didn't take a towel. Everything was a disaster that day. Josh was so scared to do anything, so he wore his clothes, shoes and left the apartment.
He was closing the door when the old lady started talking to him. She was hunched, no too much, but visible, and the smell of perfumed roses was floating around her. 
“Oh, you are my new neighbor, sweetie?”
“Yes, that's me.”
“I'm Marie and I live next door. Do you want to come in? I just made a pie.”
“Sorry, I need to go out. I'm so furious on developer finishing guys that I need to walk it out.”
“I see… but what happened?”
“So many things are just not working. There are cracks in furniture, warm water is not existing currently, done problems with electricity… just everything.”
“Oh dear, I know what it may be.”
“What, you know something? Did they make some shortcuts? What did you see?”
“No no no, that's stupid. You wouldn't believe me anyway.”
“Saying like this just make me more curious. Please tell me.”
“Alrighty, come in. This is not a long story, but staircase is a bad place to tell it.”
Marie's flat had much more roses fragrance than her. It felt like going into a flowery garden. The apartment looked like straight taken from old photos; it even had a TV with 80s vibes. On the furniture, Josh saw scattered frames of the whole family together. It had been a while ago, but he recognized Marie immediately.
“Do you want a tea?” asked Marie. 
“That would be kind of you. Is that your family on the pictures?” asked Josh when Marie went to boil the water for a tea.
She screamed through the loud, almost finished, noise of boiling. “That's right, my daughter with her children. I love them very much, they often visit me.”
Josh sat near the TV where the coffee table in the really comfortable chair. On the television the game show was played, one of these in which players bid on specific answers. Half of the money was lost for participants while Josh was watching.
“Here you are, sweetie.” said Marie and gave Josh his tea. “Let's discuss the real deal now.”
She sat near him, the chair squeaked, Marie drank a sip of tea and started to tell the story.
“It happened not so long time ago, something around ten years ago. This building was newly built so everyone, including me, were moving in.” Another sip of the tea; Marie definitely knew how to create a tension. “There was one family, parents and two children, girls. It was right there, next to your doors. Your apartment wasn't even bought since then. You are its first inhabitant. The Cler family, that was their family name, was very happy that they own a place.” said Marie, and then her voice started being grim. “But soon, everything began to go wrong. Mark, that was the name of their dad, lost his job, and it wasn't so easy to get a job back then. In the same time, something started to happen with the younger of the girls.” 
“Sounds like trouble. What happened to her?”
“She was possessed or maybe cursed. Hard to tell. Everything she touched broke, sometimes immediately, sometimes after a few days, but eventually, it always happened.”
Josh smiled. “Sounds like she has possessed my apartment as well.”
“You may not be wrong.”
“How so?” Josh asked surprised.
Another sip of a tea and a long break before Marie had spoken again. “Not long after child’s possession, she disappeared, vanished, gone, nowhere to be seen. Her parents quickly reported the fact to the police, but even though they tried, they could find neither the girl, her body, the suspect, nor any evidence whatsoever.”
“Are you saying that it's her who is haunting me?” Josh laughed. “I don't believe in such nonsense.”
“Believe it or not, but the fact is that you are not the first to complain on broken things in apartment.”
“Really?”
“Yes. Soon after the disappearance, the family couldn't stand the stress and anxiety, so they moved out. There were at least give families trying to move into that apartment, but each left soon after. From the exact reasons that you are complaining on right now.”
Josh was skeptical about situation’s fantastical roots, and the conversation, mostly about interesting facilities in this part of a city, didn't last much longer.
With a click of Marie's front door, Josh continued his walk to a park. It was surprising to him that such a lovely neighborhood could wield such tragedy. Even though he didn't want to think about it, his subconscious was doing it for him constantly.
Maybe she broke some important thing for someone and was killed, or her father got frenzy, killing her as a result. Possibly the girl herself ended her life out of misery. Josh couldn't tell which theory was more possible, and eventually, he didn't want to know. The more he was thinking about it, the more gloomy he became.
He decided not to think about it for a while and make a stroll around the park. It was ‘pocket park’; that was the way how they called it. Surely because of size as you could almost squeeze it and put inside a pocket.
The end of summer was pleasant for an eye. Trees started getting colors and first leaves began to fall. A lot of people felt it as well, so the park was really crowded including dog walkers and children playing on the playground. It were last days of good weather, so nothing more was to expect.
Josh was just looking at the child sliding down on the playground when suddenly the world became gray and gloomy.
“What the fuck?” he muttered and looked around. Everything was in different shades of gray and slowed down. Children were playing on the playground but a hundred times slower. The trees’ colors were now gray and even dark black. Josh noticed also that the birds stopped chirping and children laughs faded.
One tree on the playground was standing out. Colors on it were autumn ones, with bloody red in the center. 
Everything that was happening reminded him the conversation with Marie. 
*Maybe that could be connected to that situation with girl and breaking occurrences?* Even though his rational mind didn't want to believe, some part of him had some suspicions.
Josh just started going in the direction of the tree when his body began to be grayish and the motion felt like wandering in honey. His hands were moving slower and slower. Dizziness took over his mind and he lost consciousness.
“Mister, mister! Are you okay?” A woman woke him up. 
Josh slowly opened his eyes just to see a bit crowd around him. Everyone were asking for his health. 
“Yes, I'm fine. I just lost consciousness.” answered Josh vaguely.
“Are you sure? Maybe I'll call an ambulance?” she insisted. 
Just for that girl's sake, he checked all his vitals. His heart was pounding, but he felt okay. “Yes.”
The crowd started leaving the scene, leaving Josh alone. His mind was swirling. This wasn’t normal, such thing never happened before. Contacting the doctor about that wasn’t such a bad idea. He decided to contact one after coming back to home. 
But there was something about that tree, making Josh attracted to it. The tree looked now like any normal tree around, but the image of it, bloody all around, was still stuck in his head. The surrounding children were playing normally now, as nothing happened. He approached the playground, on which the tree was growing, with a pounding heart. The ball hit him with a loud sound, but he only threw it to the kids and moved forward. Grass near the tree was normal, colors back to normal.
Josh touched the bark, warmed in the already setting sun. The roughness of it surprised Josh, but other than that, everything was normal. 
*That was surely only something in my mind. I shouldn't go to this old's lady house.* Josh couldn't accept any other option. Right after the door were closed, he grabbed a phone and registered himself to a clinic. 
“What's the reason for registration?” asked the lady from registration with a voice bored from getting the same kind of phones for the whole day.
“This may sound crazy, but I had a vision and just after it, I lost consciousness.”
“Alright… so I registered you on Wednesday at nine a.m.”
“But we have Sunday now, so it's like in four days.” replied saddened Josh. 
“Sorry, this is how it looks like.”
Josh knew that the registrant meant it, by the sound of hear voice. This is how it looked like with health institutions. One can heal themselves before the date of visit. Hopefully, the same will happen with his visions. He would prefer not to experience it anymore.
The next day, Josh spent, as usual, in the work. He was an IT engineer, so the day passed on coding and meetings, and the latter were especially tiring for Josh. Nothing happened in his apartment. The day before, with visions, became just a weird dream for Josh.
The Tuesday started normally. Fortunately, the warm water issue had already been fixed. There was some problem with pipes repaired shortly after he’d left home.
Josh was brewing coffee, when an electric boom could be heard followed by an awful smell of burned cables coming from the coffee machine.
“Not again, please.” Josh pulled the plug, knowing that this won't be a good day. Everything after started happening in order: a broken shoelace, enormous stain on his jacket, and the worst thing, a large crack going from the ceiling, down to the floor. 
“Shit. Let leave something to *professionals*.” Josh couldn't help, but to grimace, saying the last word.
After that, the day calmed. Nothing happened in the commute and the work. Bored and tired people were in the tram the most. *Nothing more will happen*. This few words Josh keep saying himself all the way to final station.
Par street. This is the name of station that Josh was heading to.
*Only few hours left before sleep. Nothing more will happen.* Josh constantly repeated this. It was only one more day before he'd visit the specialist. 
All this hopes broke apart, when he stepped out of the tram. Par street was then read was ‘rCr trLERt’. People were frozen at the tram exits. Many of them were making a step to get off. If not for a horrible vision again, Josh’d consider it hilarious, or at least, funny. The world was becoming more gray as he’d left tram station. He looked again at a street sign. Letters written in uppercase were C, L, E and R, giving the surname Cler, the family name that Marie was talking about. Josh startled. He’d realized that this could be connected, but he didn’t want to believe it. Even at that moment, he threw away such thoughts.
He began to go into the direction of his home, and this time it was much, much easier. All the people around were still like in honey, but he himself could work normally. Until he saw the building of his apartment, at least. In a moment, his steps began to be slower and slower. Then he saw it. The entrance to the building started to have colors. Grayish stones around the doors began to have red color, as they were in real. The door stayed the same color of black. The light above the doors to the entrance slowly became blindingly bright. 
Recovering of his eyes took a while. It happened to stop just in time when Josh spotted two shadows leaving the building. They weren’t walking side by side. It looked more like, one was dragging another. The silhouettes were ghost alike, so he couldn’t exactly say how they looked like, but he recognized two different genders. Sturdy man, and much more vulnerable woman or girl. The first was gripping the girl in waist, while she was struggling to set free. A loud scream broke the silence. Before then, Josh’d not hear anything in his vision. The scream became physically painful, and Josh’s vision became blurry. After blindness, there came dizziness and Josh felt that he was passing out. His legs stopped completely and the rest of the body was unable to move. The scream finally faded in a sweet embrace of the darkness.
The first things he saw after opening his eyes were pipes and tubes going from his body. He wasn’t sure, but the tubes, the machines, the sterile atmosphere, it all looked like a hospital. He’d never been before in the hospital, not counting a broken leg once in his childhood. The last thing he remembered was the scream and loosing his sight. That was surely his mind tricking him. He couldn’t think of any other reason of that situations.
Not long after waking up, a doctor entered the room. At least, that’s what Josh thought, looking at the person’s medical gown.
“You woke up,” said doctor, “that’s good. My name is John, and I’m assigned as your leading doctor.”
John waited a while for me to process his words, and then he spoke. “You fainted, and we couldn’t awaken you. You’d then been transported here.” 
“I fainted? So I was in coma?” Josh wasn’t able to process fact of going into coma. It always happened for stranger people, not him.
“Yes. Three days passed since then.”
“Three days?” shouted Josh. He was looking around pointlessly to look for clues that so many days were already gone. “What is going on with my mind.”
“We were thinking about checking your brain for any tumor or unusual activities. But we need your approval… wait,” he paused realizing what Josh’d said. “What do you mean by what you just said?”
Josh summarized to the doctor what was happening, including visions and faints. But he didn’t dare to discuss curse that Marie told him about. To his surprise John didn't react with shock or negating what he'd just said. After closer inspection of doctor's ID, Josh read that he was psychiatrist, probably on hospital shift.
“Some of this could be a symptom of brain cancer. I would suggest to check it. We will send the samples to the laboratory.”
Josh didn't want to accept it. He struggled with saying anything at all. This was too much. 
The doctor interrupted the silence. “Don't worry. It's just a normal procedure in case of such indications.” said the doctor and quickly added. “Most likely nothing will be found.”
Medical examination didn't last for long and soon Josh was back in his home. As doctor John suspected nothing was found in the samples they took out. Doctor decided to make a control in few weeks from now unless anything like this will happen again. This relieved Josh, but made worry about the curse in the same time. If nothing was happening to his brain, or no mental disorder was diagnosed, then that could mean that the whole Marie story could have some truth in it.
Josh wanted to fix coffee machine on his own, so he ended up in shop with multitude of tools. Hammers, screws, bolts, and all the ones that he couldn’t even properly name. He needed screwdriver. All the ones in his home, were too large for tiny coffee machine bolts. He passed through the garden section, looking at the bonsai trees and thinking about how they manage to survive with roots buried so shallow.  The will for having one of these occurred in Josh's mind, but quickly evaporated and swapped places with thoughts how the tree would survive during his long travels on vacations. He moved in to the metal part of shop. Everything was named and placed intuitively, and he didn't need long time to find what he needed. The smallest screwdriver. 
The price tag was blurred, so Josh didn't know how much the tool will cost. The shop attendant was occupied with different client, so he didn't want to disturb their conversation. View glances around the shop and Josh quickly found the scanner to check the price. Josh was happy that he will again see bonsai trees, because the machine was there. 
What happened next surprised Josh so much, that he just stood breathless. The screwdriver he picked up to check its price broke. Handle detached from the metal part. This had never before happened to him, so he had bad feeling about what would happen next. The fear of fainting and waking up didn't even God know where, was something that grounded Josh in place. Like previously, all the people started to move in honey-like manner, and the shop was engulfed into grays and shadows. Josh tried to look for previously seen pattern. In the visions, there were always some elements not touched by grayness. His eyes jumped from shelf to shelf looking for some colors. There were a lot of goods in this shop that were gray in the first place, so Josh needed  to squint his eyes multiple times to decide if those were the colors or grayed-out view. Finally, he found what he was looking for. It was one of bonsais, the one that he previously looked at. 
Focusing his eyes on particular things made him calmer. He was now able to walk, and so he did. Slowly watching his every step, he approached the colored bonsai. Its upper branches were shockingly similar to the ones from his first vision's tree. The same colors were highlighted in it. Thought of it immediately brought up memories of the first vision. Subconsciously, like automated, he touched the tree’s bark, expecting warmth, but instead he felt room temperature. The pot was shallow, as usual in all bonsais.
Many of the trees there had some decorations around to make them more enjoyable. The colorful one in his sight had a shovel leaning on the tree. That couldn’t be a coincidence, so Josh tried to connect the dots from all the visions. That tree was too similar to the first one, seemed to be connected. The shovel indicated that something could be burried near that tree. Or under the tree. But the second vision wasn’t connected neither to tree, nor even the park. That shadow guy could be taking the shadow girl to the park, so that could be connected as well.
The flow of thinking was interrupted; Josh felt sudden dizziness. He decided that this wasn’t the proper time to be thinking about the visions. Hopefully, he wouldn’t end up in the hospital again. But if he would, there he would have plenty of time to think about it. Josh smirked on this idea to himself. 
He noticed that near the shovel there was pile of dirt, looking like there was indeed something buried in there.
Josh wanted to touch and look inside this pile when sudden stench reached his nose. This was a smell he'd never experienced, except once. He recalled something similar from when, as a child, he found dead bird. But this was even few times more disgusting.
The stench was so overwhelming that it started to blur his vision. Josh really wanted to check the pile, but he couldn't even move his fingers. He heard the scream just before fading away, then everything went black.
Like before, he awoke in the hospital. The same doctor, John, stood next to his bed.
“Hello again, Josh.”
“How long have I been here?” Josh asked with a fear in his voice. 
“You've been in coma for two weeks now. Hopefully, that's not a pattern or soon you won't wake at all,” John said. 
“Did you find something now?” Josh asked
“No, again nothing.”
Josh didn't hesitate and just started talking about the vision that haunted him that time. He confessed all the details including the stench, the shovel and all the speculations he had in mind. As he spoke, all the elements of this puzzle to be checked, after Josh will be released from the hospital, clicked.
“The visions are looking weird indeed, but they not necessary point to any particular problem,” sighed John eventually. “What I can recommend is a lot of rest and coming in to a check-up next week.”
He wasn’t satisfied with that diagnose. All that he wanted was a remedy to that visions. It caused the serious problem in his life, as fear was taking over that they can happen in every moment. The image of him going on the street and halting in the center, just to be driven by the car passing by, wasn’t something he would be fond of. Talking out what he had in mind helped him feel that maybe he is not going crazy, but the problem with faintings persisted.
A few days later, after numerous of medical examinations just in case, doctor finally said that Josh could go home. Being back was a relief for Josh, but he knew what he had to do next.
He got back from the hospital later in the evening. The shovel, taken out from the basement he owned, waited next to the door. Josh waited until the night engulfed the world in shadows. He decided to go when all the lights in the building were off. No people were wandering on the street, so he assumed that the park will be emptied. The shovel was packed tightly in a material that Josh found somewhere. The last thing he wanted was to bump into police officers who’d ask question why did he need such multi-purpose tool.
He saw it from his kitchen’s window, and the walk to the park took him about ten minutes. The pocket park was on the other side of the road, next to his building. As he thought there was no people in park, and the air was smelling with cold misty night so thick that you could also feel it in your mouth.
The tree stood as before. The tree’s bark was now cold under his touch, contradictory to his first vision. The clumps of grass were growing as if nothing had ever happened here. Josh took the shovel and put it into the ground, wondering what lead to that moment.
After few swings of the shovel, Josh felt horrendous stench. He almost vomit, but with the struggle he continued digging. He was thinking what would somebody think seeing him in that situation, but it didn’t matter anymore. He felt irresistible urge to investigate this. For some reason he knew that these visions are related to this tree, to that pile of earth.
The crack sound stopped his thoughts. Something to hard to be earth, yet to hard to be a stone, lay under the blade of the shovel. A pitched scream began to distract Josh from digging more. He stood, trying to gather his thoughts together, and it took a lot of time for him to continue. After a few more clumps of earth swinged, he revealed the shocking sight. The skeleton lay there peacefully with deep eye sockets pointed on him. That was when Josh didn't handle it and puked on the ground. All the doubts he had vanished in the air. Subconsciously, he knew that the corpse he found belonged to the cursed girl. 
All the visions were then fulfilled and checked, except one. Who was the man dragging that girl to the park? Josh suspected who that was but the real truth could be revealed only by the specialists, the police. 
A few days later the police tape still surrounded the park, and officers were crowding it like ants. All the news channels were discussing that case, and Josh heard that the father of the girl was caught and cuffed as a suspect of the crime. 
From the day of founding the girl no more visions and breaking of things happened to Josh. A relieve was the thing he'd felt, drinking the Moët in his new apartment.  